Hey Mom, Welcome to your AskD Program :)

I tried to make it as simple as possible to use, but I'll try and walk you through it
a little bit with some examples.

-----------
  USAGE
-----------

Each file MUST have an index and a title. All of the other attributes (author, type,
tags and comments) are optional. A type is like poem, book, story, joke, handout, etc. 
You'll be able to search your files by these attributes (except for comments), so the
more information you give, the easier you'll be able to find it. You'll be able to
update or delete any of the files by selecting them from the list on the right-hand
side and clicking the buttons to "Edit" or "Delete" the selected file. You'll know
which file you're updating/deleting by looking at the preview pane in the bottom right
hand corner.

An example might help. Let's say you wanted to add a poem about Christmas, but you'd 
also like to be able to find it by searching for "charity" and "gifts." You'll add 
the index yourself (I was going to auto-generate that, but that should be the index 
of the file in your filing cabinet). You'd enter the info like this:

Index:(Index number from your file)
Title:(Whatever the title is)
Author:(Whoever the author is)
Type: poem
Tags: Christmas, charity, gifts
(You could attach a file if you'd like by clicking the button, finding and selecting
the file from a new window)
Add any comments you'd like to have, and hit "Add File." You should get a message back
saying that the file was created successfully. You'll also see the file and its attributes
in the different windows of the program.

-------------
  FEATURES
-------------

In the File Menu, you'll find the "Usage", "Import", and "Export" commands. Import is
more for data-safety purposes. If you wanted to add a bunch of files in bulk, you could
use a text file and import all of it at the same time. I doubt you'll need to use it 
much or ever, I just wanted to add it just in case. The export is something that might
be nice to do every once in a while. It just sends all of the data in the database to
a text file (just as a back up). I might throw in an auto-backup feature, but I thought
I'd get this deployed and let you use it to see if there are other features that you'd
like to have.

Let me know if you have any questions, or if there are any other features you'd like to
have in it. Have fun :) Love ya!

-Tanner